Housemarque Announces Returnal Graphic Novel and Artbook For The Game's 3-Year Anniversary
There's an animated short, and you can preorder the physical editions now.
BY ROBERT ANDERSON
UPDATED: APR 30, 2024 9:46 AM
Housemarque has celebrated the third anniversary of Returnal with an announcement for a spin-off graphic novel titled 'Fallen Asteria'. It will be released on October 22, 2024, and is available to preorder now at Amazon for $19.99.
The listing description reads: "After Helios crashes onto a hostile alien world, Selene Vassos, a lone ASTRA scout must fight for her life against the horrific hostiles that live beyond every shadow and a trail of distorted memories. Can she hold on long enough to track down the White Shadow signal? Mystery shrouds the world of Atropos and Selene begins to wonder: will she find answers at the end of her journey, or is this nightmare inescapable?"
It's being created by the Housemarque brand team with assistance from Returnal's Narrative team, including Gregory Louden, Eevi Korhonen, and Khalil Osaimi, alongside the art of Igor Lomov and Aaron Järvinen.
There's also a new 'Art of Returnal' hardcover release that will be out on the same day, and is also up at Amazon. If you do preorder either of these, you'll be protected by Amazon's preorder price guarantee, so you'll pay the lowest price the listing hits between now and when it ships. Plus, you'll also not pay anything until the graphic novel is sent out to you. So, if you're worried about missing out if stock levels drop off, it's a fairly low risk to submit an order now and just cancel it later on if you change your mind.
Alongside the rest of the anniversary announcements, Housemarque has also created an animated adaptation for the upcoming Fallen Asteria graphic novel.
Sony acquired Housemarque in June 2021, just months after the release of Returnal. In our review, we called the shooter “an incredible roguelike, and one of Housemarque’s best games to date.”
It's also been teased that the studio’s next game will be a new IP. No other details about the project have been revealed yet.
Diablo 4 is also down to just $30 right now on PS5, and if you're interested, the PlayStation Portal is still back in stock at Best Buy. For even more great deals, ensure you're following @IGNDeals on Twitter or Instagram.
Robert Anderson is a deals expert and Commerce Editor for IGN. You can follow him @robertliam21 on Twitter.